feat: add file check workflow (#41)
autowarefoundation/autoware-github-actions: file-check/README.md

# file-check

## Description

This action checks if the file exists.

## Usage

```yaml
jobs:
  file-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check file exists
        id: file-check
        uses: autowarefoundation/autoware-github-actions/file-check@tier4/proposal
        with:

>           files: README.yaml,LICENSE

Author: Thanks for letting me know. Fixed 7f7fcd4

          condition: or

      - name: Check result
        if: steps.file-check.outputs.exists == 'true'
        # Only executed if one of the files exists
        run: echo One of the files exists.
```

## Inputs

| Name      | Required | Description                                                                                                  |
| --------- | -------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |

> | files     | true     | Comma-separated file names.                                                                                  |

Reviewer: Should we use `Comma-separated`?
I feel writing in multi lines looks good.

Author: I agree. Changed delimiter: c4c4a2d

> | condition | true     | Set to `and` or`or`. If more than one file is specified, this condition determines whether to report `true`. |

Reviewer: I feel this is enough. Even if you keep the current sentence, you need to add a space between `` or`or` ``.

```suggestion
| condition | true     | The `and` or `or` condition for file existence check. |
```

## Outputs

| Name   | Description                                                                         |
| ------ | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | exists | If the file exists, it will be set to `true`. Otherwise, it will be set to `false`. |

Reviewer: I feel this is enough. Do you want to show `true` or `false`?

```suggestion
| exists | Whether the specified files exist or not. |
```

# check-file-existence

## Description

This action checks if the specified files exist.

## Usage

```yaml
jobs:
  file-check:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Check file existence
        id: check-file-existence
        uses: autowarefoundation/autoware-github-actions/file-check@tier4/proposal
        with:
          files: |
            README.md
            LICENSE
          condition: or

      - name: Check result
        if: steps.file-check.outputs.exists == 'true'
        run: echo "exists"
```

## Inputs

| Name      | Required | Description                                           |
| --------- | -------- | ----------------------------------------------------- |

> | files     | true     | file names.                                           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| files     | true     | The file names to check the existence.                |
```
